[5.0]docs(common): document support fot net 8 and drop net 3.x and 5 support (#1745)
telerik/blazor-docs: _contentTemplates/common/get-started.md

#root-component-telerik-layout

> To enable the use of detached popups (for example, dropdown lists, menus, grid filters, etc.), you must add a component at the root level of the DOM:

Reviewer: "detached" may raise questions such as "which popups are not detached" or "how to use non-detached".

"a component" may rase a question "what component" if the reader doesn't continue reading immediately.

```suggestion
To use popups (for example, dropdowns, menus, windows, grid filters, etc.), you must add a `TelerikRootComponent` component at the root level of the app:
```
